[Windows] Update documentation to reflect new closed source consent d… (#17951)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/basic_agent_usage/windows.md

- The `/qn` option runs a quiet install. To see the GUI prompts, remove it.
- Some Agent versions may cause a forced reboot. To prevent this, add the parameter: `REBOOT=ReallySuppress`.

> - Some Agent components require a kernel driver to collect data. To know if a kernel driver is required, refer to the products' documentation page or search for `kernel driver` in any of the Agent configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some Agent components require a kernel driver to collect data. To know if a kernel driver is required for your component, see its documentation page or search for `kernel driver` in the associated Agent configuration files.
```

| `DDAGENTUSER_PASSWORD`                      | String  | Override the cryptographically secure password generated for the `ddagentuser` user during Agent installation _(v6.11.0+)_. Must be provided for installs on domain servers. [Learn more about the Datadog Windows Agent User][3].  |
| `APPLICATIONDATADIRECTORY`                  | Path    | Override the directory to use for the configuration file directory tree. May only be provided on initial install; not valid for upgrades. Default: `C:\ProgramData\Datadog`. _(v6.11.0+)_                                           |
| `PROJECTLOCATION`                           | Path    | Override the directory to use for the binary file directory tree. May only be provided on initial install; not valid for upgrades. Default: `%ProgramFiles%\Datadog\Datadog Agent`. _(v6.11.0+)_                                    |

> | `ADDLOCAL`                                  | String  | Enable additional agent component. Setting to `"MainApplication,NPM"` causes the driver component for [Network Performance Monitoring][4] to be installed. _(<= v7.44.0)_                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ADDLOCAL`                                  | String  | Enable additional agent component. Setting to `"MainApplication,NPM"` causes the driver component for [Network Performance Monitoring][4] to be installed. _(v7.44.0 or previous)_                                                           |
```

Reviewer 2: Should we state that this is "legacy" from 7,45 and up. Sure v7.44.0 or previous implies it but it is weird especially when all other options use xxx+.

Reviewer: Thanks for pointing that out, it makes sense to me. In the latest review I'm suggesting to move this content to a `Legacy configuration` table as you mentioned in your other [comment](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/17951/files#r1206040488), but happy to keep iterating on that if you have any other suggestions.

| `EC2_USE_WINDOWS_PREFIX_DETECTION`          | Boolean | Use the EC2 instance id for Windows hosts on EC2. _(v7.28.0+)_                                                                                                                                                                      |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Legacy configuration

Each configuration item is added as a property to the command line. The following legacy configuration command line option is available when installing Agent version 7.44.0 or previous on Windows:

| Variable                                    | Type    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|----------------------------                 |---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ADDLOCAL`                                  | String  | Enable additional Agent component. Setting to `"MainApplication,NPM"` causes the driver component for [Network Performance Monitoring][4] to be installed. _(v7.44.0 or previous)_                                                           |                                                                                                                                 |

```
